+++
title = "The Cherished Slime is open!"
date = 2024-09-15

[taxonomies]
tags = ["General"]
+++

Hi, I'm Sarksus, and this is my blog! My pronouns are they/them and I have been on the Internet for a couple decades now and have thought about starting a blog, but haven't gotten around to it all this time.

With Cohost closing and me not wanting to go back to most social media I decided I might as well try a blog. And hosting it with other sites on a place like Neocities sounds like fun, like walking through a bazaar of websites.

Besides just posting random stuff I'll be posting about a bunch of different topics such as:
- I'm working on a book and I want to post about the research I do, my characters and what kind of world the book is set in. I will get into this more further down.
- Research in general. I have ADHD so I have a lot of hobbies and I do a lot of personal research about them or just whatever sounds interesting because I find it fun.
- Talk about and share the music I make.
- Share my drawings and video art I make.
- Programming. I don't really enjoy it, it's my job, but making websites is pretty fun so I'll talk about that.
- Just whatever I'm doing. I like to read, play games, watch anime and comics, listen to music and bike around.
- SLIME SLIME SLIME SLIME

I want this first post to be like a fingerprint or some other way to describe who I am, so I'm gonna talk about my book and share some of my art below.

### Tower of Magic

This is a fantasy novel about a big found family learning how to fight and survive together in a world recovering from a slight apocalypse. Endless exploitation of the world and each other all came to a head with the catastrophic failure of a doomed project.

The catastrophe raised the density of mana across the world, agitating monsters and making them stronger and evolve faster. A few hundred years later the world has begun to recover but monster activity has not abated. People live in well defended clusters or regions with lower mana density. 

Empires, democracies and all of the other failed social structures have fallen away and been replaced with a variety of cooperative structures that give a real voice to as many people as possible so that no one person's will can push the world to the brink of destruction again.

The book itself is really me weaving together a bunch of stuff I enjoy. It's going to have a big main character group full of all kinds of people and races. An overriding goal of this setting is that no matter who you are, you have a place in society. The only real "monsters" are those who trample on another's existence.

Given that, the monsters in the book are more like souped up predators in the wild. I really like stories that bring all people, not just humans, together. Where you have dwarves and orcs and ogres and chimeras and kobolds and elves and demons all working together and having fun. There will be some skirmishes between people at times but the overall idea is that no one is looking to exterminate anyone, take their land, or otherwise impinge on their right to exist. That shit just led them to catastrophe. The main source of fighting is just how dangerous the world happens to be due to that earlier catastrophe hundreds of years earlier. Having said that people recognize that the natural world has its own right to existence. Despite the danger, an equillibirum must be struck.

You'll also get to see a lot of different social structures like communalism and some ones I've made up. One country is just guilds. Everything is a guild and they are rated by the people and if there's a problem that doesn't get fixed a limited guild is formed with the power to resolve the problem within a specified time limit with opportunities to extend the limit. I also have an idea for a guild that distributes limited land and commercial space for the purpose of having a vibrant restaurant scene in a fair way without needing a capitalistic structure.

Besides that I just want to have a really action packed story where all the characters in the main group have their time to shine. In between the fights there will be a lot of slice of life stuff where everyone just hangs out. The basic setup of the story is that the Tower of Magic is a school of sorts with a town built around it. You have mages who learn magic, knights who learn physical arts, and engineers who learn...engineering. I want to come up with all kinds of intersting team compositions as well as people who use a mix of things rather than just magic for example. The Tower provides the surrounding area with advice, knowledge and protection. There is a branch of the adventurer's guild in town, of course.

Anyway I think that's enough for now. I'll post more stuff over the coming days.

### My Music

<iframe style="border: 0; width: 350px; height: 470px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=2709989385/size=large/bgcol=333333/linkcol=fe7eaf/tracklist=false/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="https://asteridium.bandcamp.com/album/ready-set-go">Ready Set Go by Asteridium</a></iframe>

Unlike words, music speaks for itself.

### Video Art

<video controls src="https://acritarch.net/files/video/Section%209%20Archival%20Record%20Unknown%20Person%20Laughing%20Man%20Incident%20001.mp4" title="Section 09 Archival Record Unknown Person"></video>
An unknown person (Hatsune Miku) dances in the background while the Laughing Man threatens the president of Serano Genomics with a gun.

I really enjoy analog video in general and I love to fuck with it specifically. The above video was made by creating an animation of Hatsune Miku dancing in Blender, exporting a video with her dancing in front of a green screen, and then green screening her into the video using my Panasonic video mixer. The Ghost in the Shell footage is piped into the mixer from a DVD player. I fucked up the signal using a MisMatcher video glitcher.

Also, as for regular drawings, I drew the banner for this site!

### SLIME SLIME SLIME SLIME

I love slimes. I think they're really cute. They are so calming and innocent looking and I wish I could hug one. They are also just absurdly versatile. They can clean, sometimes do magic, evolve in response to local conditions, and more!

My book will have an abundance of slimes. One of the characters I have in mind is a lover of slimes and they fight with her. They swarm enemies and she imbues them with various magical effects from afar. She also has a huge slime companion that envelops her and she fights inside of it like a mech!!

### In Closing

Anyway that's it! I'm looking forward to writing more. I have a few things more to tweak on this site. I used and then edited the Abridge theme for Zola as the site's footer mentions. It's not perfect yet but it's quite good enough for now.

Bye.

~Sarksus